Fire & Fog - NeatWolf Particle FX Pack 01

This FX Pack is mainly oriented to Fire and Fog Effects.

I created other VFX packs too! You can find all my Unity Asset Store works at this link: http://j.mp/NeatWolf



How to use:

- Open the NeatWolf folder in your Project View
- Open the appropriate Pack folder
- Open the desired category you have in mind: (eg: fog)
- Drop the prefab onto the scene, and you're ready to go!

All the assets are built to be easily tweakable and recolorable.

I suggest you to duplicate the prefab and move it in another folder of your project if you like to make small adjustments: it'll help when updating the package: you'll get the new updated version of the prefab while still keeping your changes.

NEW: SCALING
Many prefabs in this pack now support Native Unity Scaling. This allows you to scale a whole particle system tree by selecting the root of the FX and changing the Transform:Scale value of the system.
This most requested Unity feature is still quite new and will work quite fine with most FX. If the FX covers an area, such a rain FX, scaling the system will increase the covered area. If the particles become too sparse,
simply increase the amount of particles emitted.

NEW: HDR
Many FX in this pack have the _HDR suffix. This means their brightness is appropriate for using with HDR enabled cameras and linear color space. These FXs usually have the Base Color of each ParticleSystem
in them set to have an alpha value of 128. This has been made to allow you to have some freedom to adjust a bit the FX brightness without tweaking the material.
Instead, if you like to change the emission multiplier of all particle systems in the pack, simply browse the appropriate HDR materials and tweak the multiplier. By default, for consistency, most HDR materials
which use the custom Particle HDR shader have a multiplier of 4.

NEW: EX prefabs
If you find a prefab with the _ex suffix, that is and EXtended version of the base FX with the same name.
This means it has more detail, it requires more processing power, and has a better looking and more emitters. Be aware of this if you dare using those versions on mobile. If it's too heavy on mobile, please use the base FX.


If you like this pack, a nice review will help the package to get popular, thus helping me to sell more copies and keep supporting and updating the package with more content. And you'll also make me happy :)

If there's something you don't like about the pack or if you've got particle FX requests that fit in this package feel free to contact me, my credentials are on the page of the store of this asset.
You can also check the Asset Store page of the pack and search for the link to the FORUM thread of the pack.
Feel free to post on the FORUM thread new ideas, requests or issues. If you subscribe to the thread you'll also be informed about important communications about the package itself!

I will also accept advices, proposals and requests about the asset. Don't be shy!




CREDITS:
Credit to Amanda Govaert (CandleWood+Fire+12) for the modified fire particle.
Credit to XResch from Deviantart for his brushes.